Logic String (preceded by "If"):
	1) The test premise consists of logical combinations of conditions, earlier
	   tests, and/or (rarely) the NOP state (no tests passed so far).
	2) The operators recognized within the logic string include AND, OR, EQ, NEQ,
	   and the unary NOT.  (NEQ equates to the exclusive or; EQ equates to the
	   exclusive nor.  They are seldom used and are included mainly to complete
	   the set of operators.)
	3) Parenthesizing is encouraged wherever it helps to clarify the order of
	   evaluation.  Any balanced combination of parentheses, brackets, and braces
	   is acceptable.

Result Menu (preceded by "then"):
	Select FAIL or PASS.  (PASS AND STOP is vestigial, but is retained for legacy
	tests that use it.  It indicates that no more tests should be evaluated.
	However, its use tends to complicate the addition of new tests and may cause
	unexpected behavior.)

Ease Adjustment (preceded by "adjusting ease"),
Yield Adjustment (prededed by ", yield"),
Confidence Adjustment (preceded by ", and confidence"):
	These fields are not visible when the selected test result is FAIL, because
	failure automatically sets all three to zero.  The adjustments are signed
	numbers, because they may be either increments or decrements.  Their values
	should be appropriately scaled to the respective initial values defined for
	the schema.  (Regardless of the cumulative effects of adjustments, the final
	values will be truncated if below 0 or above 100.)

Reason:
	A concise explanation of the reasoning behind the test should be given.  One
	commonly used reason for failure when certain variable nodes do not map to
	one of a set of specific atoms is "Schema does not apply in this case," i.e.,
	the presence of a heteroatom in a given location may alter the chemistry from
	what was intended.  (The default reason may be used while hitchhiking through
	the galaxy! :-) )

Chemist (assigned automatically from login ID - not a user-modifiable field)

Mark for Deletion/Undelete button:
	Toggles deletion mark on and off.  Irreversible deletion does not occur until
	exit from the main posttransform test editor.  Note that any test appearing
	in the logic string of a subsequent test may not be deleted (button will be
	disabled) so long as the latter test remains unmarked.  By the same token,
	a marked test may not be unmarked if it refers to conditions or tests that
	remain marked for deletion.

Exit and Update Postran Buffer button:
	Exiting in this way will cause the main posttransform test editor to update
	according the the addition or modification in the current test.

Cancel button:
	Quitting via the Cancel button will cause any interactions with this editor
	to be discarded and a return to the unchanged main posttransform display.
