Data Fields:
	Schema Data (displays schema name, reaction parameters, history, references, and
	comments)

	Pretransform Test List (displays as must-have-any, must-have-all, and can't-have-any
	the complete templates, where applicable, and individual functional groups
	that fall under each category for this schema)

	Transform Pattern Drawing (displays in synthetic order, but with a retrosynthetic
	arrow, the subgoal and goal pattern pieces and goal roots)

Schema Name entry panel:
	Enter name for a new schema or edit the name of an existing schema by placing
	"I-bar" cursor at appropriate position in text box and typing additions or
	changes.

Validate Schema button:
	For safety, validation is prevented until the schema buffer has been written to
	the reaction library.  Validation is required whenever a schema has been newly
	created or modified, in order to remove the incomplete flag that prevents a
	schema from being applied in synthesis searches.  Several test molecules should
	be used for an adequate verification of pattern matches and both pretransform
	and posttransform tests.

Edit Pretransform Tests button:
	Allows functional attributes to be added (individually or via template) or
	removed from the can't-have-any, must-have-any, and must-have-all lists.

Posttransform Tests button:
	Displays conditions, tests, and the goal and subgoal TSD's to allow addition,
	modification, and deletion.

H on C button:
	Determines whether to display or make implicit the hydrogens attached to carbon
	in the transform drawing.  (At the moment, "asymmetric only" is equivalent to
	"none," because the asymmetry flag appears to be missing from all transform
	patterns.  The other option is "all.")

Ease, Yield, Confidence button:
	Offers both direct and stepwise (question-driven) methods for entering starting
	values for these reaction merit components.

Flags button:
	Allows toggling of protection, lookahead, and disabled flags for the schema.

Type, Molecularity button:
	Allows specification of the way multiple-match is handled for the schema, as
	well as the maximum number of unique subgoal molecules to be accepted for an
	application.

Comments/References button:
	Allows documentation of a schema through addition, modification, or deletion of
	comments and literature references.

Edit Transform button:
	Opens a graphical interface for drawing the relationships of atoms between the
	goal and subgoal patterns, specifying roots and synthemes, and modifying that
	information.

Save Buffer to File and Continue button:
	Writes the current version of the schema buffer to the reaction library without
	exiting from the schema editor.  (This is especially useful just before
	validation.)

Exit and Save button,
Exit, Save, and Close button:
	Writes the schema buffer to the reaction library and returns to the reaction
	library editor.  Unless the schema is closed, editing it again will continue
	with the same reaction library record, instead of allocating a new one to
	supersede it.

Quit; Cancel Unsaved Modifications button:
	Returns to reaction library editor.  All previously saved modifications are
	preserved.  Any made since the last save will appear in a prompt to verify the
	intent to discard them.
